h1. hosebird

h2. Overview

Hosebird is a Ruby library for Twitter's new "Streaming API":http://apiwiki.twitter.com/Streaming-API-Documentation codename Hosebird. Hosebird will open a persistent HTTP connection which receives updates in near-realtime.

For example, hosebird makes it easy to monitor twitter for caps lock abuse.
<pre>
<code>
require 'hosebird'
username, password = #...
twitter = Twitter::Base.new(Twitter::HTTPAuth.new(username, password))

Hosebird::Spritzer.subscribe(twitter) do |status|
  if status[:text].upcase == status[:text] && status[:text] =~ /\w+/
    twitter.update("@#{status[:user][:screen_name]} ur caps r on, btw", :in_reply_to_status_id => status[:id])
  end
end
</code>
</pre>

h2. Installation

h3. Requirements

* "eventmachine":http://github.com/eventmachine/eventmachine/
* "extlib":http://github.com/datamapper/extlib/
* "json/json_pure":http://rubyforge.org/projects/json/
* "twitter":http://github.com/jnunemaker/twitter/

h3. Optional

* "yajl-ruby":http://github.com/brianmario/yajl-ruby/ (Support Pending)

h3. Installing from GitHub
<pre>
<code>
sudo gem install benburkert-hosebird
</code>
</pre>

h2. Examples

h4. Growlr: A Realtime Twitter Client

_Note: Requires OSX with Growl_

h5. 1. Create a @~/.twitter@ YAML file with your twitter username & password:

<pre>
</code>
echo "username: oprah
password: harpo" > ~/.twitter
</code>
</pre>

h5. 2. Checkout the hosebird source:

<pre>
<code>
git clone git://github.com/benburkert/hosebird.git
</code>
</pre>

h5. 3. Run the growler example:

<pre>
<code>
ruby hosebird/examples/growlr.rb
</code>
</pre>

h4. Spritzr: Same as Growlr, but for the Public Timeline

_Run @hosebird/examples/spritzr.rb@ instead of @hosebird/examples/growlr.rb@._